[Feature] add wflw2coco (#2961)
open-mmlab/mmpose: docs/en/dataset_zoo/2d_face_keypoint.md

            ...
```

> We also supply a script which can convert the raw WFLW dataset to COCO style. The data processed by the script is not completely consistent with the data downloaded from the URL, but it does not affect training and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also supply a script which can convert the raw WFLW annotations to COCO style. The script's output is not completely consistent with the annotations downloaded from the URL, but it does not affect training and testing.
```
